*Broad and Shallow Knowledge for Intellectual Conversations*
Vol 1. [Reality] Part 1. [History] Chapter 12.
> **[The Cold War]** - Why Capitalism and Communism oppose each other
  After the end of the war, the world was rearranged. Europe society represented by world leading England and France were in ruins, and US and Soviet Union who won WW2 took their place. US and Soviet Union were allied against Germany and Japan, but it was an uncertain one. Now that their common enemies are gone, two different systems had to compete with each other. It was because their economic system were wildly different. After the Great Depression, US chose Modified Capitalism (Late Capitalism) which government intervenes the market, and Soviet Union became a Communist nation through revolution. Around two systems of Capitalism and Communism the world was rearranged by dividing into two teams. Countries who support Capitalism includes US, Western Europe, Japan, South Korea, and Communism, Soviet Union, Eastern Europe, China, and North Korea.
```
     US     ¡ê  Soviet Union
(Capitalism)   (Communism)
```
  Through systems and arms race, the two countries' power were narrowly balanced. They both had tons of nuclear weapons, so war meant mutually assured destruction. To this day US and Russia are known to have around 7,00 and 7,300 nuclear weapons each. So it wasn't easy to start a war. While they were moments that came close to an all-out warfare, but it didn't happen. Instead, wars happened in other countries. Examples are Korean War, Vietnam War, Cuban Missile Crisis, Berlin Blockade, Soviet?Afghan War, etc. Like this, going on proxy wars without going for face to face nuclear war is the characteristic of the Cold War. And it began in 1945 after WW2 ended and ended with Soviet Union's liberation in 1991.

  But here's a question. Can't they just happily live together? Some country can choose Capitalism, some Communism, and people can choose where to live. Why do they want to fight? People well educated in anticommunist education¢Ó might say "because Communism is evil. Look at North Korea. They oppress people who seeks freedom and torment them. We have a duty to grant them freedom," or people with religious perspective might say "Communists deny gods, and that alone is a proof that they're satans. We can't compromise with satans." First answer is both right and can be hard to say it's right. Because that criticism is towards not communism but dictatorship. And an outdated perspective looking at economic systems as opposition of good or evil. We'll talk about that more in [Politic] and [Society] chapter. Let's for now think about why Capitalism and Communism cannot coexist. This will help us to assess the Cold War objectively.
¢Ó *Namely South Koreans, especially in this context in this South Korean book.*

  B was able to accumulate massive wealth through WW2 just like he did through WW1. Factory almost bankrupt after the Great Depression was saved because a war broke out. It was because war created lots of demand. He employed workers he fired before, and factory slowly stabilized.
  But unexpected problem broke out again. Something was going on among the workers C1, C2, C3. They seemed to work hard whenever he visited, and wanted to look nice in front of him before, which he liked. But nowadays their behavior changed. Whenever B visited his factory, workers complained and complained as if they planned it beforehand. Worked hard but my pay is too small, poor work environment harmed my health so compensate me. On top of that, they said he shouldn't fire people anytime he wants like before, so to fire one of them he has to talk with all workers. B was baffled. Demand could decrease and put the factory to danger at any moment, increasing their pay and improving the work environment on top of that will be burdensome. And not being able to employ and fire them at his will in his own business he made to earn his money was incomprehensible. 
  Then he met D who runs a bread factory near his shoe factory and learned what was going on. D said he was doomed. There's a country he imports wheat and exports bread in return, but workers revolted, and the country eventually turned Communist. B asked, "What's the problem? Do they not eat bread?" D replied, "They said Communists don't trade with Capitalists."

  The reason Communist nations don't trade with and hostile toward Capitalist nations is because Communist regime doesn't admit capitalists who exclusively possesses means of production. It will be talked about soon in the [Economy] chapter. But here let's just think about what it means for communists not trading with capitalists. Why is that a problem and why can't they just trade with themselves?
  Reason it's impossible comes from the nature of Capitalism. Just like we saw previously, supply is greater than demand. And to increase demand they sought out for colonies, because they solve oversupply. Where securing markets is essential, more Communist countries means less markets, and less markets means less demand, ceasing production, and thus economic crisis. In other words, Communist nations existing alone is a threat to Capitalist nations. On top of that they're expanding while showing off their superiority. Even scarier fact is that it's not because they were invading the country, but it's happening inside the Capitalist country itself. If workers revolt and throw off capitalists and share the means of production among them, that's a communist revolution (often called proletarian revolution).

  B thinks he's understanding the situation, and why his workers are being hostile. B thought about it for a minute and, felt a weird Deja vu. A very very long time ago when A ruled over B, isn't it just like when he didn't like A? He complained about A taking all the crops he worked for because he owned the means of production. B then remembered how A overcame this crisis. That's right! A requested God. He justified his right to rule through God. But that's a problem. It was B himself who kicked out god who justified A by bringing rationality. B needed something spiritual that would justify him employing workers. And he thought of an okay sounding idea.
  B gathered up his workers. C1, C2, C3 all grumbled and asked what's it about. B told them to get closer, stood on a stand while putting up his most solemn and sorry face, and said, 
  "Gentlemen. You guys are the true patriots. In other countries, dictators are oppressing citizens with Communism. people are living day by day with chronic pain and poverty. In this national emergency where communism tries to extend their corrupting influence onto our country, I can't help but shed a tear whenever I see you workers performing your duties as workers."
  B wiped his tears with a handkerchief.
  "While I can't return more to you all because of this national emergency, but if our common enemy Communism disappears, our country and companies will return the favor to your troubles and efforts.. Let's fight together for our country and our ancestors."
  After B stood down, the workers were bewildered. C1 said to C2 and C3, "Wait a minute, was the Communism you talked about something unpatriotic?" C2 and C3 were taken aback.
  Next day, workers did their work silently.

  'Country' is requested. The idea of country, just like the idea of god, justifies the ruling system. And it especially pressures 'Patriotism' and makes capitalists' life easier. So patriotism is educated and encouraged on a country scale. They reward patriots and veterans and nationally celebrate them on a country scale. They inspect and proofread vocabularies around them. On the other hand people who're far from patriotism are politically and socially pressured in public, and vocabularies are rough and insulting, and exclusive words are allowed.
```
 (B) < Patriotism)
 /|\     (Rights)
 ¦£¦¡¦¤        \/
¦£¦ª¦¡¦ª¦¤  (C1)(C2)(C3)
```
  But requesting country is not only a Capitalism's thing. All ruling power who can't request god encourages patriotism. If you received a rational education, or wants intellectual conversations, it's necessary to look at god and country objectively. Because you contemplate god and country objectively doesn't mean you have to deny their existence. You need to seriously think about if you've been forced with the meaning of god and country that have been politically socially exaggerated beyond their objective meanings.

  We are looking into the Cold War. Cold war is a confrontation between Capitalist bloc and Communist bloc. What we asked is why they had to fight. And we learned that it was because of the nature of Capitalism. Capitalism needed markets to solve oversupply problems, and expansion of Communism meant smaller market thus threatening Capitalism. Just like how WW2 was a war for securing markets, emergency of the cold war had its essence in securing markets. Also Communism's ideological characteristics made it possible for Capitalist countries to internally collapse, capitalists had to keep an eye on them. A ghost called Communism roamed around the world scaring capitalists and Capitalist countries.

  Affairs of seemingly never-ending battle between US and Soviet Union went through a rapid transformation after Soviet's economic downturn and system's inefficiency. Soviet Union no longer trusted Soviet's leadership. After mid-1980s Soviet turned back to open-door policy and reformation, and in December 26th 1991, Soviet Union finally disbanded and became Russia and 15 new republics were created. Cold War was over. Now's a time to make up and relax with US, called Detente. And collapse of Communism signaled the start of solo reign of Capitalism.