*Broad and Shallow Knowledge for Intellectual Conversations*
Vol 1. Ch 1. [History] Part 3.
> **[Primitive Communism]** - One day, means of production appeared

  Let's get on the time machine time travel back in time. Yesterday, a month ago, a century ago, thousands of years ago. Now we're in prehistoric age where our journey starts.
  Here lives prehistoric man A and B. They have nothing. But hey both catch fish, pick fruits, eat grass, living together peacefully. When sometimes they want to eat meat they will cooperate and catch a mammoth. A says, "If you lure the mammoth I will cover you." B lures the mammoth to a cliff, and when it falls they equally share the mammoth meat. Communist society is formed where they work together and share equally. So we call primitive period, Primitive Communism.
  Peacefully coexisting A and B noticed a strange phenomenon. A who likes to be clean has a hobby of separating food wastes. Animal bones here, fruit peels here, seeds there. Then they later spotted that there's a sprout only where the seeds were. This is the moment where humans realized they could control plants. Agricultural revolution has started. They no longer have to do dangerous hunting and gathering. They just need to continue their lives by sowing seeds and manage them.
  Life got varied and complicated by going to fields on daylight and settling down in one place.

Then one day, while plowing the fields and picking up rocks, A found a big boulder on his field. He tried to move it away, but he dropped it. Thankfully he didn't get hurt and he found a shard fell out of the stone. It was a sharp one at that. A thought about it for a while and realized he could use it to help farming, and did use it to cut grass. It was great. What normally took a day took only half a day. After fall, A who found the stone shard was able to harvest more than B who hasn't.
  Here's when the core idea of history from primitive to middle ages. Means of production and Product. The reason why we differentiate the two is because it is the most powerful factor in deciding the wealth and property. As long as you have a means of production, wealth will be generated.
  It's not really a problem that he used a shard to harvest more crops. It's not a wrong thing that he lives more easily. But when someone monopolizes it and creates a gap in production yield, there will be a shift in social relations. Thankfully a stone shard is hard to monopolize so B can just go get one. But B doesn't seem to know A has this high-tech product called stone shard.

  Now let's come back to A and B's society. Now A's storage is full with crops, and B's storage is frugal. Winter came, and A and B got through with their crops. And now it's spring. Before summer where they can harvest barley, B is going through spring poverty. After starving for 3 days straight, wanting to at least eat grass with A, B went to A's house. But what's this? A is still heartily eating? A still has leftover crop from last fall. B said, "Hey there A, I suddenly remember the old times. We used to work together when we wanted to eat mammoth meat. Why don't we share your meal just like old times?" A reminisced the time they helped each other, and he couldn't reject B's request. "Yes, those were the days. Here are the crops. However, I'm a bit tired today so please clean my bathroom."

  Slavery appeared. Now A is at a position where he can order, and B is at a position where he has to follow. Let's rethink this. How was A able to order B who doesn't look all that different? It's because of the product A has. Then where did A's product come from? From A's means of production. Thus, if you own a means of production you own products, and using it you gain power. It's interesting. They're both very simple physical things. yet they generated nonphysical power relations in society.
```
Means of production \
                     >- material
+     Product       /
------------------
      Power          >- nonmaterial
```
  Sadly this is how the primitive communism era ends. Peaceful and equal relationships crumbled with the rise of means of production. But if you think about it it's not a sad thing. If you look at the whole society, didn't they get rich with higher productivity? Maybe it's more reasonable for B to clean the A's bathroom and eat heartily than starving to death. But let's put judgement aside for later. First there are two things we have to remember: Means of production and Product. To add one more, Power generated from means of production and product.