*Broad and Shallow Knowledge for Intellectual Conversations*
Vol 1. Part 1. [History] Chapter 11.
> **[WWII]** - Oversupply started a second war
  World War II was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945. Germany, Italy, and Japan formed the Axis alliance, and on the opposing side formed the Allies with England, France, US, Soviet, China, etc. We saw the reason why Germany started a war. But why did Japan join the war all of a sudden, and even formed an alliance with Germany half way across the globe?
```
Axis (Germany, Italy, Japan)
Allies (England, France, US, Soviet, China, Australia, ¡¦)
```

The reason is simple. We saw why a country would go to war when we were talking about the reason why WWI happened. Let's take a look at the state of Japan at that moment. 
  In medieval Japan there was an emperor, but the real power was in Japan's feudal government, the shogunate, the hereditary military dictatorship. In the middle of 19C, at the end of medieval era, Japan started modernizing after striking a commercial treaty with US, called the Meiji Restoration. With it, shogunate system ended and started centralized government by the emperor. They quickly learned technology, culture, and systems from the world powers, and started national leading industrialization.
  After that, the history went down like what we learned. Industrialization led to Capitalism, led to oversupply. So what do they have to do? They needed to create demand, and so needed colonies. Japan targeted China and Russia, and through 'First Sino-Japanese War (1894)' and 'Russo-Japanese War (1904)' they acquired Taiwan, Joseon (Korea), and Sakhalin (Russia). But ever growing Japan also got hit with the great depression in 1929, and as a solution they wanted a bigger market, to the continent. But China was a vast market not only japan but the whole world powers such as US, England and France dreamed of. And so, Japan opposed them and joined the WWII.

How Germany an Japan were able to keep the alliance was because their goals were the same. Securing colonies to solve oversupply, and national superiority in trade agreements. And what was the Alliance's goal? For justice and freedom? Not really. There is no ethical war for justice and freedom. It was to defend their colonies and maintain superiority in trade agreements with Germany and Japan. Acquiring colonies and defending colonies to overcome economic crisis would be the essence of WW2.
  It ended with the Allies' victory. Germany surrendered in May 1945, and in August in the same year Japan after dropping 2 nuclear bombs.
  With the end of WWII ends the Modern era. Now it's on to contemporary period.