*Broad and Shallow Knowledge for Intellectual Conversations*
Vol 1. Part 1. [History] Chapter 5.
> **[Middle ages Feudalism]** - Classes are further divided
  Feudalistic society in Middle ages lasted around a thousand years from 4th to 14th century. To talk about Middle ages, we have to talk about an event happened in late Ancient era. It happened for around 400 years from 1st to 4th century. Where did the term "century" come from anyway? As you may already know, it has to do with the most unique and influential person in human history, Nativity of Jesus (birth of Jesus Christ). It marks the year 1, and 1st century. It is still questionable whether he was really born in year 1 based on our knowledge. Instead historians suggest that it's 4th century BC ~ 6C. But that's not really a concern for us. What we have to think about is the influence of Jesus Christ who we don't even know he was born in. It may not be friendly to other people who believes in different religions, but for intellectual(knowledgeable) conversations, it is handy to know at least the basics. There's no denying that influence of the West. If we want to learn about the world history, we naturally have to learn about the western culture, religion, and the root of their ideas.
```
       忙式((Western))式忖
⊿(Hellenism)      (Hebraism)⊿
Greek & Roman    Christianity
  Mythology
```
  There are two core backgrounds that penetrates western culture and history: Hellenism and Hebraism. Hellenism is rooted on Ancient Greek, and related with polytheism (multiple gods) such as Zeus and Apollo. On the flip side, Hebraism is what we usually think about Christianity, a flow of history about monotheism (one god) called as Yahweh, Jehovah, or God's agreement with Israel (like contracts). To put it simply, the western culture is rooted on two(2) cultures: Greek and Roman mythology, and Christianity. If we want to understand western culture, we have to understand Christianity.

So before we talk about the Middle ages, we're going to learn a bit about Christianity's two key figures, Jesus Christ and Jews.
  ||*(Skipped stories about Jesus and Christianity in Roman Empire.)*|| As a result, Christianity became Roman empire's national religion and spread its name across Europe. Now we're ready to look at feudalism in the middle ages based on it.

Let's come back to A and B's society. We talked about how the king monopolized means of production called land and territory. This gave the king power in physical aspect. Then furthermore, he requested god and so also secured power in mental aspect. The stable absolute authority which centers around the king became the foundation for maintaining the social class structure for a long time. It became more varied and divided. Between king and slaves(serfs), there are now clergies, lords, nobles, knights, peasants.
```
         /\
       /King\
      /Clergy\
     / Lords  \
    /  Nobles  \
   /   Knights  \
  /   Peasants   \
 /_____Serfs______\
```
  Here, the most important class is a lord. A lord owns a castle and land around the castle (called manor). Because it was their land, all the crops on that land were basically theirs. Thus, we can say that manor is a lord's means of production. As we've seen before, means of production gives you product, thus power. Many lords were under one king and manors were given out by the king, but as long as the lords privately own the means of production, power was theirs.
  Lords needed each other's land for more power. These conflicts led to endless wars between them. The problem was that absolute power didn't exist to work out the conflicts. As wars frequented, they started to build a castle to defend their manors. They can deal with enemies more efficiently if the walls were high and thick. So countries that went through the Middle ages have castles. The reason Europe, China, and Japan have castles is because they went through the medieval times. Countries  whose power didn't get divided by lords onto rural areas and instead had centralized government around a king (like South Korea) doesn't have giant castles.

A became a king and lived the life of the ruler, and B as a serf lived an ordinary life. Basically it wasn't all that different from the Ancient era. The distinction between the ruler and the ruled is clear, and the society was very stable. The different thing is that A no longer calls himself a god. That's because the Middle age was in Christian cultural region. God in Christianity is not someone who takes a physical form of a man, but the one and only creator of the universe who has absolute power us humans can't even dare. So under Christianity's influence it wasn't really in the cards to call a human a god. The king is not a god but given the rights to rule from the god. The rights were given by a clergy, and in return the king guaranteed clergies status and money for churches. A still secured the justification for power in both physical aspect from means of production and mental aspect from recognition from religion. It was not easy for B to express distress of A's rule. The society was that firm. It was because this firm society that this period was able to last a thousand years.

  But then in the late Middle ages, the firm society began to crumble a bit. First cause is the development of trade. Merchant class appeared who accumulated wealth by trading centered around the Mediterranean sea. This new class could earn income without using the only means of production in the Ancient and the Middle ages. They were relatively free from the upper classes who owned the means of production, and made effort to become more free by themselves.
  The second reason is birth of factories. In 18C, steam engine was invented which ran on water. This was met with specialization which was being developed at that time. Specialization is a method of production whereby instead of one guy doing everything start from finish, focuses on the production of a limited part of the work for better efficiency. Steam engine could repeat simple processes, so with these two combined the productivity exploded. Factory was born. B used to make shoes. He had to do everything all by himself from catching a cow to drying the pelt. Now he started specialization, and installed steam engine where the process was monotone. He pressed the start button and the shoes poured out. B is now a factory owner.
```
    Steam engine (machine)
+ Specialization (efficiency)
式式式式式式式式式式式式式式式式式式式式式式式式式式式式式
         Factory
```
  The thing we have to focus on is the meaning of factory. Factory outputs lots of products you can sell in the market. Thus, factory is a new means of production. But we learned that from means of production comes power. Factory owner B now has power. We call them 'Bourgeoisie'. Its literally means 'people with means of production'.
  But the king A still owns means of production called manors, and by this was still maintaining power. To separate them, let's call A's power Old power, and B's power New Power. One era/society, two powers. They have to had collided; "There can be only one."  There will be sides, and won't end until one pacifies the other.
  One day, A noticed that B has changed. He didn't pretend to listen when A summoned him. He sends his servant instead saying he's busy with a meeting with other factory owners. Other factory owners are like this too and it feels like it's because of B. A thought about it for a minute, and decided he had to do something. Some day, A called B. B grumbled and asked what's it about. A told B to get closer and whispered, "This is not a secret, but in case you forgot. God told me to become a king. I'm fine with you acting like this, but God might not like it."
  B felt a weird Deja vu, and came back home. He was angry he couldn't sleep. King had no money and could beat him in one blow, but God was different.
  From industry and commerce, bourgeoisie had a powerful influence in the society. But it didn't let them get involved in politics. The Old power didn't approve of them, and at the same time had no rational basis for the justification of power like a god. Thus the New power needed a rational basis for justification for participating in politics and society. Then what is it that could replace god?

  In reality there are two roles for god. One is to explain reality, and the other overseeing the afterlife. First, god explains reality. Where we did we come from, where do we go, who we are, why there are no bad people and only good people, why some people lives well and others poor, god is the ultimate answer for all realistic questions. Next, god oversees afterlife. Real life is short and finite. But the afterlife will be decided by the god based on sins. Because of this, our lives we can endure it even though it is difficult and painful. People who torments us, god instead will punish them in the afterlife. So we have to submit to god, the ultimate appraiser and punisher.
  For bourgeoisie to reject the king, they had to reject the god first who justifies the king's power. In other words, they had to find something that will replace god. The bottom line is, bourgeoisie perfectly replaced god with their 'Rationality'. Rationality sufficiently explains both roles god exclusively had. First, it explains realistic questions. We came to be through evolution, and not much different than other species. The reason why we stand on the ground is through gravity, and force can be expressed as the product of mass and acceleration. This gravity is a different way of saying universal gravitation, and it is the principle of how whole universe works. Like this, rationality could explain everything in our lives without god. Next it also explains afterlife. Afterlife doesn't exist. We can say about consciousness and mind, but not souls. Discussing about afterlife is a non-scientific behavior with no experimental basis, and is a delusion created by religions. There is no spirit or afterlife. Death is nothing more than a body function.

  Finally bourgeoisie successfully incorporated rationality into the world that will justify them in place of god that justifies king. In the same context, they presented logical basis to participate in politics. Called 'Social contract', it explains the society is formed by citizen's contracts. This is a way of explaining society without god, which replaces 'Divine right of kings' that reeks of god. Now the body that grants justification for political authority became not gods, but humans themselves.
  The two opposing sides has become clear. The Old power, king and lords owns manor as a means of production, and received justification from religion. On the other hand, the New power, bourgeoisie owns factories and commerce as means of production, and received justification from rationality.
```
??(God)          (Rationality)??
  \  ??    <->     ??  /
   (Manor)      (Factory)
 <Old power>   <New power>
```
  As expected, two authorities collided. And as a result the New power won. The most representative example is the most important event in human history, the French revolution in 1789. So far we set our focus on understanding the flow instead of looking into individual events. But this is something we must know about so we'll mention it.

  Ever since civilization was born, humanity was under king's rule. It wasn't questioned that a human rules another. People just existed without the notion of equality. Then some day, the idea it's a problem, and to change it being shown in action, this is the French revolution. In a world with a king, he was the only freeman. But the French revolution which abolished the king gave freedom to people. Bourgeoisie are now freemen.
  A took a step towards the guillotine. People started cheering. He told people the god gave him the rights, but it's been long time ago since people prayed, and never really thought much about the god. Actually it made people distrust the church after learning the king's desire for power. B was in the cheering crowd. Afar was A on the guillotine. B was conflicted. He met a lot of people from high society and was supporting them financially, but B was uncomfortable with their atheist's claims. It felt like he was sinning just by hanging out with them. But right there a person who seems closest to god is on the guillotine? And then the blade fell. The cheers got louder, and B, in shock, unconsciously cheered on together. It was the moment the king died, and simultaneously god. And also marks the end of the Middle ages.