> **[Ancient Slave Society]** - Means of production created the king and the slave
  A lot of time has passed after means of production occurred in Primitive communism. A and B's descendants passed on powers, and the relationship between A and B stagnated. A kept producing products with a means of production, and with it ruled B. Now their relationship is fixed as rulers and the ruled. A became King, and B became A's slave. Society developed social classes. King and nobles are rulers, and commoners and slaves are the ruled.
```
      /\
    /King\
   /Nobles\
  /Peasants\
 /__Slaves___\
```
  If there's a huge difference compared to prehistoric era, A's means of production changed. A shard of stone is no longer in monopoly position. Everyone used the shard, and the society's production increased. A's means of production became larger. It's land, territory. Now the huge land A has is a means of production. The reason is because that is where all the values are generated. To put it simply, now that he has a land, all the crops on that land is all ruler A's.
  Also, he made people pay fee's when people live on his land, or people buys and sells stuffs on his land. By owning a huge means of production A could own a huge amount of products, and through this huge power. A could live an easy life without really having to work. Then who does all the work? Who's the one working hard and harvesting crops on the land? It's B. When B harvests on fall, A takes all the harvested crops, takes certain amount for his own, and the rest are used to feed B. A said to B, "Feeding you is tiring." B is thankful to A. The reason because he could stably farm forever is because A permitted him to farm on his land.
```
            ¢Ö (2) Product(100) ¢Ù
(1) Work ?????                     ?? (3) Profit(60/40)
            ¢Ø   (4) Wage(40)   ¢×
```

Here we can find out the true meaning of means of production The reason means of production is important is because it becomes a tool to use other people's manpower. So actually we can't say that a shard of stone from ancient era is a means of production.
  The real means of productions are land and territory or plantation or modern factories. What's the difference between these and a shard of stone? One person can own it but can't run it. To put it simply, a huge track of land can be A's and A's only, but A alone cannot cultivate alone. So A needs to employ B. Thus, means of production has a characteristic of needing someone else to labor. Then how does the owner A pay B who works for him on his means of production? A's product. Then where did A's product come from? From B's labor. This is the true meaning of means of production. Means of production distorts social relation by making owners use other people's manpower.
  But something is weird. Is B stupid? B gives all the crops he himself harvested to A and A gives only a portion of it. B did all the work, but A and B shares the fruit of his labor. Just because A has a means of production.

  B thought about it for a minute, and decided he had to do something. B worked his butt off, his skin tanned under the sunlight, his body got sturdy and healthy. But he once got a glimpse of A bathing, and saw his skin was pearly white from not working at all, arms and legs thin, and his paunch. B thought A had something special, but he just couldn't see why he had to obey A. Now B started to neglect his work. He pretended to not listen when A called him, when he ordered him to work he did it begrudgingly. A noticed this. He will shoot daggers at him whenever he said something. A thought about it for a minute, and decided he had to do something. Some day, A called B. B grumbled and asked what's it about. A told B to get closer and whispered, "This is a secret, don't tell anyone. I'm actually a god."
  Afterwards B worked hard. He was happy when A ordered him. It was for god after all. He no longer had any complaints about A having means of production all to himself, thus having all the products, and ordering him around.

'God' is requested. Ruler requests god. Whether god really responds or not doesn't matter. Whether god really exists is none of his concerns. He just needs the word 'god' to call himself. Because it gives the rights to rulers to rule the society. The more he wants control, the more desperate his belief looks.
  There's one thing you shouldn't misunderstand. Because god is requested by a ruler, or a ruler uses god's name for his control, doesn't mean it proves that the god does not exist. That's a topic for future volume. The point is, considering god in historical and political sense, there's a high chance god's name was used for politics.
  So Ancient slave society ends with religion and slavery. The thing we have to remember is, a ruler monopolizes means of production called land and territory, and he found his justification in religion. Ancient slavery society is found in start of all civilizations. More specifically, theocratic society where politics and religion are united, such as Mesopotamia, Ancient Egypt, Ancient India.