*Broad and Shallow Knowledge for Intellectual Conversations*
Vol 1. Part 1. [History] Chapter 9.
> **[WWI]** - oversupply started war
  WW1 began on 1914 and ended on 1918. The reason was an assassination of Austria prince.
  What if it didn't happen? Would the war not have happened if we went back time and warn them? In history, the question "what if?" means very little. There are too many variables to consider. Even if we tried to stop it WWI would've still happened. Because the main reason was not the assassination but because Germany wanted war. They were excluded from the competition for colonies because of late industrialization. As we've seen previously, to keep industrialization going, they needed to solve oversupplying. And only colonies could solve it. What if they were already taken? Take them by force. So they needed an excuse to start the war, and assassination was it. Even if the prince didn't get killed, they would've still sought out for reasons. Likewise, it's not because Germans are the bad guys in nature, but because of the fundamental limit of capitalism. Germany only had one choice, and that was war.
```
Industrialization ¡æ Capitalism ¡æ oversupply ¡æ need for colonies ¡æ Imperialism ¡æ competition for colonies ¡æ war
```
  They were divided into two opposing alliances, the Triple Entente, consisting of France, Russia, and Britain, and the Triple Alliance, made up of Germany, Austria-Hungary, and Italy. The reason England joined with France and Russia is simple. They knew Germany wanted to take their colonies.
  The war ended with Germany and Austria's defeat. Germany had to pay a lot of money, return their territory, and their army got severely limited. With the Treaty of Versailles Germany's economy was almost unrecoverable. On the other hand, the rest of the world recovered quickly and developed.

Like this, the national conflict caused by oversupply - nature of capitalism - was solved. How did the never-before-seen scale of war make other countries recover and even make economic growth? After war, B was able to keep selling his shoes safely in colony. And the war was not all bad. During the war, he was able to take care of his overabundance of shoes by supplying them to the military, and not only that they needed more than he could produce. War created massive demand, and was able to temporary relieve of the oversupply problem.
  For civilians war might be painful, but it creates massive wealth to some bourgeoisie or countries. Capitalism can't not be close with war. Capitalist countries are enticed by war. Actually there are two core elements that maintain today's capitalism. One is war, and the other is Trend. War and trend are like twins born by capitalism. Just like how war solves oversupply problem at once, trend creates massive expenses larger than the necessary amount. Tons of perfectly ok clothes and handbags are collecting dust in the closet or in the trash. It is hard to maintain capitalism without war and trend.